# RPID Meeting Agenda Items
Wednesday 13:00 EDT
https://iu.zoom.us/j/300135894
   
## Attendees: Scott, Richard, Allison, Yu, Grabriel, Rob
## Apologies: Larry
   
# RPID Meeting Minutes

### Administrative
   * NCE Requested. 
   * Rebudget submitted to IU ORA based on Tufts changes. 

### SEADTrain
   * Project Git: https://github.com/Data-to-Insight-Center/SEADTrain
   * Talked about more data will publish more data. How the WISE data and Airbox data can be merged. 

### CTS URN
   * Updated document at https://docs.google.com/document/d/1iwWcmWXvnJuw61mRKkxYqOZQPIn7TpLRyGcFMqlxzB4/edit
   * Discription not accurate. 
   
### PRAGMA
   * Next steps: contact ASTI philipeans galaxy workflows. 
   * Using RPID testbed to assign handles to all Data Objects. (Previously only workflow given handles.)
   * PIDs an finer granularity. Can provide provenence purely from handles. 

### Jetstream VMs
   * Good conversation. Went though the Scholorworks examples. 
   * Went through examples from Jeremy. 
   * Get a little more information and determine if the API could be useful. 
   * Human readable version online. 

### Puppetizing
   * One working Handle and DTR in AWS. 
   * Everytime it is restarted IP address change. 
   * Pricing for Static IP will be sent. 
   
### RPID Services Update
   * Weathered a OS maintenance without issue. 
   * All ansible build needs to be tested to survive reboot. 

### User Advisory Group
   * Doodle Poll completed. 
   * First UAG Meeting 02 Febuary 2018. 
   
### IU Workshop
   * Spring, more details coming. 
   
### XSEDE Request
   * Rob will talk to JP about RPID and do an introduction.
   
