# RPID Meeting Agenda Items
Wednesday 13:00 EDT
https://iu.zoom.us/j/300135894
   
## Attendees: Yu, Scott, Alison, Rob, Robert
## Apologies: 
   
# RPID Meeting Minutes

### IEEE Workshop on Big Data Metadata and Management (BDMM â€™2017)
   * Global DTR. Well received and some interest from Wu at 

### SEADTrain
Project Git: https://github.com/Data-to-Insight-Center/SEADTrain
Looking for a user study group. 
Simpler user workflow. 

### Classics
   * Code should live at IU (aka. the RPID github repo.)
   * Currenly normal handle, CTS-URN use template handle. Formula (function) in the handle. 
   * Yu visited Alison in Boston. 
   * Alison is providing requirements and workflow documents. 
   * Yu will provide a base document.
   
### PRAGMA
   * Yu is meeting with PRAGMA team tonight. 
   * Two surveys, discussion of what to do with these surveys. 

### Jetstream VMs
   * Rob will start a mail thread with Jermey and Yu regarding Jetstream. (cc Robert)
   * Richard compelted the mapping, we should talk to Jeremy about Jetstream usage. 
  
### Puppetizing
   * No status update. 
   
### Karst Node
   * Nothing new on the Karst node. 
   * Ansible to build configuration of handle. 
   * Possible to move to high availability plan. 
   
### User Advisory Group
   * Robert M will send a doodle poll for first meeting (Weeks of 22-Jan or 29-Jan)

