# RPID Meeting Agenda Items

   * New addition at Tufts
   * Follow up on Beth's new document titled-Data object model for RPID and PID Kernel Information projects.
      * [Google Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BlkcTiekcJGPapA9YAkWlaL3QsvnZPhA2p3I3qdKMiM/edit)
   * Follow up items from RDA P10
   * Rob will attend the PI meeting 
   
## Attendees: Bridget, Richard, Robert, Larry, Scott, Isuru, Gabriele, Yu, Rob
## Apologies: None
   
# RPID Meeting Minutes

### SEADTrain
   * Publish new data types beyond weather sensors (Twitter, Reddit, files).

### Classics
   * Proof of concept for CTS templates. Proposal document in Slack channel. 
   * Meeting in Croatia, talk with the group there about running a handle server. 
   
### PRAGMA
   * Adminstration of services. SDSC side services moved to new server. Large VMs to be sure the Galaxy workflows are preseved. 
   * Preformance evaluations of handle and DTR. Galaxy consuming resources, not handle or DTR connections. 
   
### Jetstream VMs
   * Long discussion of document linked on Slack. "Draft of Jetstream VM PID Mapping v2" is available in the general channel. 
   * When does a PID get created for an object? 
   * Promotion of handles as DOs mature. 
  
### Puppetizing
   * Testing soon. 

### Karst Node
   * rpid-dtr.grid.iu.edu:8080
   * rpid-handle.grid.iu.edu:8000

### User Advisory Group
   * Robert and Rob will try to have a conversation next Friday about kicking this off.


### Action Items
   * Scott will propose a transistion date from the services from dev to "production". 
   * Rob will send around VBC and Quad Chart for PI meeting next week.


