# RPID Meeting Agenda Items

   * Discussion of Beth's new document titled-Data object model for RPID and PID Kernel Information projects
   * 
   
## Attendees: Beth, Robert M., Gabriel, Larry, Rob Q,
## Apologies: Bridget
   
# RPID Meeting Minutes

### Discussion of Beth's document-Data object model for RPID and PID Kernel Information projects
   * Rob Q will put to get hub once we have worked on this in google docs

### SEADTrain
   * PID work is almost done - will text next week
   * Based on yesterday's meeting will add profiles

### Classics
   * Bridget metioned CTS URNs and how they connect to the handle system - can go down into individual words in classic texts like The Illiad
   * URNs are not really resolveable
   * Bridget will be writing this up before she leaves Tufts
   * See slack channel for Bridget's update
   
### PRAGMA
   * no update
   
### Jetstream VMs
   * Meeting yesterday with Jeremy Fischer of Jetstream
   * Can get started with description of vms in openstack 
   * Rob is starting up allocation so that we can see how those are working
   * Working on XSEDE accounts for those involved - Richard, Yu, Robert, Rob
   * Have a model similar to what Bridget did for URNs for Jetstream VMs = mapping item to use in Jetstream
   * Will describe at the image level - may want to go more granular than this
   * Yu and Beth think that we will want to keep the strawman profile and the jetstream profile seperate
  
### Puppetizing
   * Bridget sent update today on topic - almost done with 1 item for documentation needing to be finished
   * Need to prepare for BOF on Testbeds at RDA

### Karst Node
   * Believe that the RPID hardware could be haunted - but likely something still flawed
   * Can log into the node at this point
   * Working on access levels - KARST was probably not the best direction for this in terms of access for installation
   * Need to work out policies and procedures to make this happen

### User Advisory Group
   * Other that expectations and starter list of participants
   * Add Richard H. to the user advsiory group

### Action Items
   * Rob Q will put Beth's data object model doc in googledocs for editing by group
   * All will follow up on review of document in google for next meeting
   * Yu will show his work at next IU-RPID meeting for review

